Anomaly detection (#833)
supertokens/docs: v2/anomalydetection/enabling.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Enabling the feature
hide_title: true
---

import CustomAdmonition from "/src/components/customAdmonition"

# Enabling the feature

This feature is **currently in beta**. In order to get access to this feature, please reach out to us at team@supertokens.com to get it setup for you. 

Once you have access to the feature, you will receive from us:
- **Public API key** - this will be used on your frontend for generating request IDs

> - **Service access key** - this will be used on your backend for making requests to our anomaly detection API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Secret API key** - this will be used on your backend for making requests to our anomaly detection API
```

Author: done
